h1. Infinitas Jobs Plugin

Quick and easy job queues, based on delayed_job for CakePHP

h2. Background

This repo is a fork of a fork of a fork. Currently the main difference between this version and the original for Savant is that its more CakePHP, more models, more test and everything integrated into a single package. Its also been upgraded to work with CakePHP 2.x branch

h2. Requirements

* CakePHP 2.5.x
* PHP 5.3ish
* PDO (Ships with PHP >= 5.1)
* (Optional) PCNTL library

h2. Installation

Use composer for a quick install, add `"infinitas-plugins/infinitas-jobs": "dev-master"` to `composer.json` and run `composer update`

h2. Usage

h3. Creating New Jobs

h3. Enqueuing Jobs

h3. Optional way to load jobs into an object

h3. Running Jobs

h3. Cleaning job queues

h3. Retrieving the status of a job queue

h2. TODO

h2. License

Copyright (c) 2014 Carl Sutton
Copyright (c) 2011 Jose Diaz-Gonzalez

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.